- [gasps]
- [both] Oh, my gosh!
[Randy] Some girls dream about
their wedding day their whole life.
So nervous.
[exhales]
[Randy] They picture
the perfect dress...
Pull up on a horse and a
carriage and stop the show,
take everyone's breath away.
[Randy] ...what their family
and friends will think of it...
- Positive vibes. Let's go.
- Yes.
[Randy] ...and how their
future partner will react to it.
I could see her in
something with, like, topless.
But all bets are off
when it comes to
actually shopping for
that dream dress.
I will not settle for anything
less than perfection.
With expectations this high,
there's bound to be some
shocking moments along the way.
[both] Wow!
[Monique] Mindy, don't hate me,
I don't like any of them.
[Randy] And the
surprises kept coming.
Today, we're going to
take a look back at
some of my favorite
surprises to happen
right here on this pedestal.
As you might have noticed,
things look a little
different around here lately.
Kleinfeld's made a few changes
to take care of our brides
in these uncertain times
while I took care of things
at my other home in Florida.
Well, sort of.
Ah!
Don't get your foot caught.
But we'll talk a little
more about that later.
Okay, let's get back to work.
I may have been over
a thousand miles away,
but I was still in
full bridal mode
and had a blast
surprising all my brides.
- Hello, beautiful.
- [gasps] Randy!
- [Mindy] We have Randy here.
- Hello, beautiful.
Oh, my God!
I'm leaving with a Randy
dress. I hope you know that!
Hey, there!
[gasps] Oh, God, I
dropped a dress, too.
[Randy] Oh, my gosh,
she was so surprised.
So, Daniela is
my production assistant.
Daniela, come here.
- Oh, my gosh.
- Come here, join me.
- [chuckles] Hey, gorgeous.
- Hello.
- How are you?
- Good.
So, you were
obviously surprised.
I was.
But you know what?
I was more surprised
by your brutal honesty.
[laughs]
I was brutally honest, but
that's just 'cause I love you.
Aw!
[Amber] So, what do we think?
[Daniela] It feels
really good on.
I'm not feeling this at all.
- [gasps]
- [all] Wow!
- [Daniela] Okay.
- The honesty, okay, we need that.
[Randy] I'm not a huge
fan of the charmeuse
because it's so silky and shiny
that it shows every
little bump and bulge,
and I don't like
anything about it.
[laughs]
I've never seen this brutally
honest side of Randy before.
I would like to think that
it's a sign of endearment,
but I was not expecting
to get a hard no so quickly.
I just think you
could find something
so much more
beautiful than this.
I knew it came
from a place of love.
It just still really shocked me.
[both laughing]
I mean, I think everyone
was a little surprised
at my harshness, like,
"Wow, he's tough," right?
Yeah. But it ended up working
out in a better way for me
because we ended up finding
something that was more suited...
- Your dress.
- My dress.
- It was your dress.
- Yeah.
All right, she's coming out.
Oh, my gosh!
- Oh.
- Wow!
- Oh, my goodness!
- [all] Wow!
[Amber] This is
absolutely stunning.
Okay, now this is what
I've been waiting for!
You look gorgeous!
[sighs]
[Daniela speaking]
[all laughing]
Do you guys like it?
- Hell yeah.
- Oh, I love it. Love it. Love it.
It's a very special moment.
You're surrounded by
people that love you.
The crew seems to love it.
Randy loves it.
I've found the dress.
It feels so good.
[all] Daniela, are you
saying yes to the dress?
- Yes.
- [all cheering]
That was an amazing day.
It really was.
- I-- - What happened
to your voice?
I was just going to, I
was just going to tell you,
I just got back from
my bachelorette party.
It was a little bit
too much fun.
There was a megaphone involved,
a little bit of screaming.
I don't, I don't know what
happened, but here we are.
So I'm going to-- I'll
let you keep doing this
and I'll come back
in a little bit.
Okay, come back
and check with...
- Okay, okay, perfect.
- Check with me.
She really is amazing.
From last minute wishes...
My wedding is two
and a half months away.
Okay.
Yeah.
The contradicting wishes.
I envision for her
to show a little skin.
- I wouldn't... No.
- [laughs]
Our brides have really thrown
our consultants some curve balls.
Lisa and I were especially
shocked when we found out
we'd be helping
a bride named Shaela,
who became blind after
a devastating car accident
right before her 16th birthday.
We weren't quite sure how
she'd shopped for a wedding dress,
but the answer was
actually quite surprising.
[Shaela] Can I feel that
dress before I put it on?
[Lisa] Oh, sure.
Let me bring it to you.
[Shaela] Texture is
very important to me.
When I'm feeling a dress,
it's just, if it's just plain,
it's kind of boring
to me. [laughs]
This dress, it's so detailed,
and I love that about it.
She feels beautiful
in this dress, I can tell.
Even though Shaela can't
see herself in this dress,
the number one thing
that I tell every single bride
is that you have to feel
beautiful in your dress.
I just love how it
feels in this area.
[Lisa] Okay.
In this one, she looks
glamorous and sexy...
- Yeah, it is just what I want.
- But elegant.
- [Shaela] Luxurious.
- [woman] Yes.
It's everything.
It's interesting because
I've had such a hard time
describing what
type of dress I want.
But yet when I have
this dress on me,
I feel that exact feeling
that I can't describe.
You're very beautiful, honey,
and don't ever let anybody
tell you anything different, okay?
I feel like a bride.
[all] Shaela, are you
saying yes to the dress?
- Yes!
- [all cheering]
We did it. Yeah.
I found it.
- I found it.
- It's beautiful.
[all cheering]
[Randy] I mean,
we've seen it all.
Amber, Mindy, and I
tackled a double appointment
where the brides wanted
to keep their dresses
a surprise from one another.
I'm so happy for you.
I want to see it.
[Alayna] No, you're
not allowed to see it.
- Come on.
- [Alayna] No.
- Just like a peek.
- [Alayna] I'll give you a hint.
- [Chloe] Okay.
- There's white on it.
[Chloe] Oh, thanks.
[Alayna laughs]
But our bride, Chloe, who
is transgender, surprised us
when we learned just how
monumental it was for her
just to be trying on
wedding dresses.
For me, you know, this
is an amazing experience
'cause I was married
once before,
before I transitioned.
And I was in a tuxedo.
[Randy] This is really exciting
'cause it's really her first time
to really, like, truly be herself.
- Yes.
- [Randy] Yeah.
- [all] Yes.
- Yes. Yes. Yes.
- Yes, absolutely.
- So pretty.
[woman] Yes.
Look at that face.
She's got that beautiful face.
[Chloe] Yup.
- This is it.
- [Amber] You love it?
Yeah, I love it.
- Yes.
- Don't look...
You know, there was
a time in my life
where, like, I didn't think
this day would ever come,
just where we're at with society
and had that fear that...
I'd never get to, you
know, live my authentic life.
And to be here today,
you know, feeling amazing
in this gorgeous dress
at Kleinfeld's, like...
[woman]
Making me cry.
Not just, you know, what
I'm wearing to the wedding,
but just who I am as a
person is different this time.
And I'm able to bring my
whole self into this relationship.
[Randy] It's a
beautiful thing to see
when somebody is able to
really express who they are
and come out of their shell
and not have to hide
from the world.
- Are you ready, Randy?
- [Randy] I'm ready.
Chloe...
[Amber and Randy] ...are
you saying yes to the dress?
- Yes.
- [all cheering]
- [Amber] Congratulations.
- Thank you.
Yes!
- Let's do it.
- Let's go get our brides.
Krissy and Candace were
excited for their double appointment,
but they never expected
this bombshell.
So, now, what are
your relationships?
This is my husband
and this is my fiance.
- [both] Wow!
- [Kassadra] Yeah.
[Kassandra]
We are in a throuple.
We are all in love.
Yeah, we're in a
polyamorous relationship, so.
One man who has multiple
wives is usually polygamy.
Polyamory is when multiple
people have more than one love.
Yeah, I mean, we
sleep in the same bed.
- That means double the cuddles.
- Yeah.
[Carly speaking]
- [Krissy] Oh!
- I know, I know.
I didn't want to scare
you guys, but that's--
- Scared? No. No.
- [all laughing]
[Candace] No one's
scared. We're ready.
And to think that was
only the beginning
of this shocking,
but very fun day.
[exclaims]
[Fanny speaking Spanish]
How beautiful is this dress!
I didn't think that the
first dress that I tried on
would feel like
it's my dream dress,
I have chills
and I have butterflies.
This is stunning.
[Carly] Oh, my God, you
guys are all getting emotional.
Stop.
Instantly you put it on, you
were like, "Yeah, this is it"?
[Carly] Instantly.
[Kassandra] Do you
realize how impressive it is?
It's like your first dress that
you tried on, that's crazy.
Yeah.
To a consultant, one and done
is always a pleasant surprise,
but it actually took
Kassandra's mom to pull a gown
that would make her
dream dress a reality.
I'm actually, I'm impressed.
With a catch.
[Fanny gasping]
[all] Oh.
This one...
- Say, "Thank you, Mama."
- Thank you, Mommy.
- But, Mom...
- Oh.
- There's a "but"?
- Yes, I know. I know.
The price tag.
- The price tag?
- [Kassandra] Yes.
- [imitates explosion]
- Oh, yes!
[Kassandra] So, this
dress is $1,600 over budget.
- Without tax?
- Without tax, 8.8%.
[all laughing]
Do we donate to the
dresses that are killers.
It's up to you.
- Yeah.
- This has to be it.
This has to be it.
So...
[both] ...Kassandra
and Carly,
are you saying yes to the dress?
[both] Yes.
[all cheering and applauding]
Pao is going to be in awe.
- He is...
- [Kassandra] Mm-hmm.
I know that he is
going to love our picks.
- So, he...
- He's gonna be blown away.
- Everyone's in?
- [all] Yes!
[all] Yay!
[Randy] Appointments can
definitely be full of surprises,
and not all of them are welcome.
I'm six weeks away
from my wedding.
These last-minute brides
send me on a whirlwind.
I hope it fits.
♪ Nothing can
stop me ♪
♪ No, no, nothing can
While searching for the
perfect wedding dress,
a bride should expect
the unexpected.
They might be shocked
to find themselves in love.
Oh, my God!
Uh-oh!
Or to find that their entourage
doesn't share the love.
It's too much to take in.
It's overwhelming.
Do I look like a queen?
I don't like that dress.
Do you think we could try
it with the skirt and a veil?
No.
I mean, I think Ryleigh knew
she'd have a tough crowd to impress
since her family appeared on
the hit reality
TV show Dance Moms,
and they were used to
perfecting their public image.
But consultant Kelsey
had a little surprise
waiting in the wings just in
case she needed backup.
I, like, still have butterflies.
I don't know.
I love this.
My mom is not
completely sold on it,
and my heart drops
because I don't think I
could say yes to a dress
knowing that she
doesn't completely love it.
- Mom?
- [sighs softly]
- What?
- It cuts right here a little.
I think Ryleigh
is curvy as it is,
and I think a mermaid dress
kind of adds to
some of those curves,
and I would hate if some day
she looked back 10 years
from now at the pictures
and thought, "Oh gosh,
Mom, my thighs."
- In the end, it's what you want.
- Yeah.
I'm going to get the
designer on FaceTime
because I think
she'll be perfect
to answer any
questions that Jill has.
I have a very special
guest here.
This is Martine.
- [all] Hi!
- [Martine] Hi, guys!
[all] Hello.
[Martine]
How are you?
I am obsessed with this dress.
It's literally my dream dress.
[Martine] You just
look perfect in it.
[Kelsey] So, Martine, Ryleigh's
mom, Jill, had some questions
about how much flare
we get at the bottom.
We wanted to soften
this up a little bit.
[Martine] We could
definitely take some out
in alterations to just give
it a much softer effect.
Okay, yay.
- Yay.
- Perfect, that's what we wanted.
Yay! It's the one.
- [gasps]
- [all] Wow!
If Mom says it's the one,
it's a game-changer then.
It's making my eyes water.
Ryleigh,
are you saying yes to the dress?
- Yes!
- [all cheering]
[Jill] It's the dress.
[Ryleigh] I needed my
mom to give me her approval
just because it means
so much to me
and I'm so happy
that you love it.
- I'm happy you love it.
- [both laugh]
[Randy] Kelsey's quick
thinking saved the day.
Ryleigh and her mom will
now have to envision
how the dress will
look with alterations.
But imagine never having
seen your entire dress
in person before your wedding.
You've never touched it,
seen how your body fits in it,
- or anyone's reaction to it.
- I'm nervous.
That was Christen's reality
when just six weeks
before her wedding,
she arrived at Kleinfeld
to finally see the dress
she'd chosen during
a virtual appointment.
- Are you ready?
- No. [laughs]
Good or bad, she was
certainly in for a revelation.
Is that what it looks like?
Oh, no.
[Lisa] There's another
layer. Don't worry.
[both laugh]
You're freaking me out.
[laughs] You're freaking me out.
Just with COVID and
the travel restrictions,
in order to get the dress today,
I could only be in the State
of New York for 24 hours.
So, if I hate the dress, um...
Okay, that's,
that's scary. Like...
[breathes deeply]
- [Lisa] Look at the train.
- Oh, my...
- I love it!
- Yay!
- Oh, my God.
- Ooh! You love it.
It's gorgeous.
Are you ready?
Come up on the pedestal.
- [Christen] Oh, gosh!
- Look at this.
Oh, yeah.
[Lisa] So, are you
feeling relieved?
[Christen] Absolutely.
[laughs]
Are you saying yes
again to the dress?
I'm saying yes again.
- [all cheering]
- Love it, love it.
High-fives so we
don't get makeup on it.
[Christen] We've
waited all these months
and it was even more
beautiful in person,
and I'm just freaking out
because I have a dress
and I'm bringing it home
and I'm going to get married.
This was not only Christen's
first time seeing her dress,
it was also her first
time getting it fitted.
Fitting appointments can
definitely be full of surprises,
and not all of them are welcome,
as our next bride
Kelsey found out
just weeks before her wedding.
I'm here today to have my
second fitting for my dress.
Perfect.
It's beautiful, Kelsey.
[Evangelista speaking]
Okay.
[chuckles nervously]
That's not good.
We're missing the belt,
which is a little alarming.
[Evangelista speaking]
It's definitely been part
of the vision all along.
So, to not have it now
and especially when we're
this close to the wedding
and there may not be
time to get another one,
I just have a little
pitter-patter in my heart.
[woman speaking]
[Evangelista speaking]
I'm nervous.
We need, we need
the complete picture.
[woman speaking]
[exhales sharply]
[cheering]
- Thank goodness.
- Perfect.
- We got the belt.
- Yes. Yes, yes.
[Scott]
The belt makes it.
The belt completes the look
and it's absolutely necessary.
And now that we can
see that, it's perfect.
It's just what I wanted.
Oh, my gosh. Thank
goodness they found that.
Natalia got a big shock
during her first appointment, too.
It was nowhere near the fit she
remembered when she bought it.
She arrived at her
next appointment
hoping for no more curve balls.
But her mom had other ideas.
[Natalia] I'm most
concerned about
it not hitting me
in the right place.
I want to make sure it
accentuates my waist.
[AJ] Yes, that's what I
want. Big difference there.
AJ totally understood
what I was saying.
He listened to me.
He put everything, all
the pins in the right spots
to make it so it's giving
me that silhouette shape.
So, now, I'm feeling good now.
You chose the right style dress.
Oh, yeah. I know
my body for sure.
We have a little surprise today.
Natalia wanted a second dress.
She tried it on, she loved it,
but her budget didn't allow it.
Fortunately, I was
able to work it out.
They got the dress.
She has no idea.
And you can definitely see
a little bit more of the sheer.
Yeah.
[woman]
Natalia, Natalia.
- No way!
- That's your dress.
[Mary speaking]
[crying]
Oh, my gosh!
Thank you.
Wow. I was not
expecting that.
Oh, my gosh!
I don't know how my
mom pulled this one off.
She kept it from me.
She's good.
- [Mary] Can we look?
- You can look.
Oh, my God.
- Sexy, too.
- Whoo!
- Hot mama.
- Oh, my God.
Totally different look, right?
This is, like, simple,
sleek, sexy, I don't know.
Natalia, are you kidding?
[Natalia] I know.
- [Mary] Damn, girl.
- [woman] Wow.
As a mother, you just
want your child to be happy.
And I knew her heart
was as full as my heart
when she saw that second dress.
Woo-hoo!
We love those little surprises
that take an appointment
just over the top.
But sometimes we just
don't have time to show you
every one of those surprises.
One of my favorites comes
from a bride named Stacey.
She came in with
a last minute request
that rocked our
consultant Candace's day.
[Stacey] We have
been trying on dresses,
haven't found anything yet.
Everything...
I mean, I'm six weeks
away from my wedding,
so we don't have much time,
so they have to pull the items
that they have
available on the floor.
These last-minute brides
send m on a whirlwind.
Stacey...
[Stacey]
I feel defeated,
but I feel like Kleinfeld
has a lot of dresses
and one has my name on it.
This is the wow.
I have a lot of faith
in this dress.
I hope it fits.
Oh, please let this dress fit.
- Let it be it.
- [woman] Amen.
Yes and yes.
- I love it.
- Yes, ma'am.
- Oh, my gosh.
- Yes.
That's how you come in
after your fabulous
ceremony dress.
Yes, ma'am, honey.
This is saying something.
[Aikisha] Yes,
this... Yes!
Yes, baby, this is it.
We gonna mess up our makeup.
[woman] It has that wow factor.
[Stacey] Yeah.
Stacey knew her ask
was monumental
and worried her budget
might not be enough,
but in the end,
Candace came through
However, her entourage
came prepared
in this never before
seen moment.
Take a look.
- Yes.
- This was what was missing.
That's what was missing.
You wanted it to have that...
[Aikisha] Well, I have
something else that's missing.
Got a little surprise, surprise.
- Okay.
- Your boo sent us a little message.
First and foremost,
your boy out here looking like an
R&B singer with this background.
[laughs]
But I just want to
tell you that I love you
from the bottom of my heart
and I wish I was
there with you today
to help you pick out your dress.
But then again,
I'm glad that I'm not,
so I can be just as surprised to
see you walking down that aisle
looking as beautiful as
the first day that I saw you.
Now I know dresses can be
kind of expensive where you're at,
and I know that
we have a budget,
but there's no way I'm
gonna let you walk out of there
without getting exactly
what you want.
So just know, no
matter what the cost is,
your boy got an
extra $50 for you
- right here when you get back.
- [all laugh]
I love you, babe.
Have a great time.
Not $50.
What do you want me
to do with that! So sweet.
- Aww!
- Thanks, y'all.
[sniffles] Thanks.
- Ooh, what a day!
- [all laughing]
The day was rough
because I thought I was
going home with nothing.
But in the end,
I found my dress and
I said yes to the dress.
What a sweet surprise
from Stacey's fiance.
Little did we know she was
holding on to a secret of her own.
And Stacey couldn't
wait to share it
with her friends and family
at her wedding reception.
This dress is not only a reception
party dress, we have a big surprise.
A baby bump is going to be
showing through this dress.
During our reception,
we will be doing a gender reveal
and our entire family will
find out at the same time.
Many of them don't know.
[man]
Ladies and gentleman...
[all cheering]
I just found out we're having...
- A girl...
- a baby girl.
You about to be a girl dad.
Our brides dished out plenty
of surprises this season,
and it wasn't what
anyone expected.
- [gasps]
- [both] Oh, my gosh!
Our brides were
on the receiving end
of plenty of surprises
this season.
Yes!
But they also dished
out a few of their own.
[all cheering]
- Oh.
- I got to be able to...
You got to
dance in it? Okay.
I'm actually a fashion designer.
You are.
Bridal and evening wear.
- Wait, really?
- Really?
Kim shocked this designer
when she revealed that she
also designed wedding dresses,
but there was another
surprise coming my way
that I have to say is
just too cute not to share.
So, this is a little something
from the heart from me to you.
Aw!
- Thank you.
- I'll give this to you.
[Randy] Okay.
- [gasps]
- [both] Oh, my gosh!
Chewy.
- Oh, my God, you did this?
- [Kimberly] I did.
So I'm also
a pet portrait artist.
[gasps]
And I had to do it.
This is absolute perfection.
Really, honestly,
thank you. Seriously.
Oh, yeah. Of course.
No, thank you, really.
And here's Chewy's
portrait hanging on my wall.
Our next bride Monique's
family wasn't surprised at all
that every dress was
boring to this blingy bride.
I don't think it's enough
blingy up here for her.
Randy, my family
calls me boujetta.
Boujetta, what does that mean?
[Monique]
Very over the top.
Don't ask me how to
spell it, Randy. I don't know.
[all laughing]
Dress after dress was
discarded by our "boujetta,"
but she did eventually
say yes to one,
and it wasn't what
anyone expected.
[Monique] We've been
here for a couple hours now.
My family has only
seen one dress.
So this one, I'm not in
love with the V, of course.
This one, I don't
particularly love
the heaviness of the material.
Ha!
[Monique] I think
I stumped Mindy.
There's not one dress
that I like.
- Wait, let me ask you this.
- [Monique] Okay.
That first dress
that we tried on...
- Mm-hmm.
- You're not--
I can see it in your
face you're not a fan.
I think it's the V that's
just throwing me off,
and I can't envision it
being closed.
[Mindy] Aside from the plunge,
imagine that
the plunge isn't there.
Imagine that we add a
beautiful off-the-shoulder strap.
[Monique] Mm-hmm.
Is there anything about
that that you don't like?
No.
I don't want to think
of a reality of Monique
leaving Kleinfeld
without a gown,
A, because her
wedding's in three months
and B, she's at Kleinfeld.
And it's all about envisioning
that closing of
the neckline for her
and the off-the-shoulder straps.
F I can make that realization
in her head a reality,
hopefully, we have a winner.
This dress used
to have a plunge,
we kind of
make-shifted it a little bit.
Monique, tell me
what you're feeling?
Um...
I love...
I mean, the way it's modified,
I actually love the dress.
Oh!
[Monique] This dress
checks every box for me.
I love, love, love
the off-the-shoulder.
I love how nice the
sweetheart looks in the front.
I love the shape of the dress.
And I'm loving the bling.
I love it.
So, this was the first
dress that she had tried on
that we did not come out in.
Wait a minute, so we
just spent four hours
and it was the first dress?
[all laughing]
Monique's story proves
that one small change
can sometimes
make a big difference,
so please trust
your consultants.
You know, sometimes
you can add a belt,
which adds a little bling.
A little tool around the
arms can add romance,
but I'm still shocked that
Monique made such a turnaround,
and the surprises kept
coming in this appointment.
- Oh, my!
- These are from your fiance.
- Oh...
- Oh, my God.
Beautiful.
[sniffles] Aw, babe.
You're so cute.
That's beautiful.
Well, Randy, I think we have
a question we have to ask her.
- Are you familiar with this question?
- [Monique] I am.
[all] Monique, are you
saying yes to the dress?
- Yes.
- Yay!
[all cheering]
Yes!
It's definitely a
boujetta dress. [laughs]
[Randy] Shopping
for a wedding dress
can bring out some
unexpected emotions.
I think this is my dress.
I can't control it.
[crying]
Shopping for a wedding
dress can bring out
some unexpected emotions.
Ooh. Well, tickle me
pink and call me Rhonda.
[laughs]
Don't cry. Lord.
- Oh, my Lord.
- Where are the tissues?
And there goes...
What is happening?
That's my dress.
I think that's my dress.
I think I'm gonna
start to cry like...
Like I think this is my dress.
I can't control it.
If this is how I'm feeling
right now, this has to be it.
Alex came to Kleinfeld for the
black goth dress of her dreams.
So, she was a little stunned
when this sweet, retro
number brought her to tears.
Oh... Okay, if I try
this on and it's not...
We hyped it up, then you're
going to be like... wah-wah.
I want it. I just
want to put it on.
Okay, can I see it
So, I've never had a
bride get emotional like this
before she's even
been in the dress,
so I'm getting
a little bit nervous
because I hope that
when she steps in it,
she still feels the same way.
[Alex sniffles]
- You look so beautiful in this.
- Why am I doing this?
Aww.
Like, I can't put my
finger on it, but it's right.
And I didn't think a dress
could make you feel that way,
But it can.
This is my dress.
- [Krissy] You feel it?
- Yeah.
I'm feeling...
everything.
It's just a dress, like,
what is happening to me?
It's not just a dress.
You're marrying
the love of your life.
You can't put it into words.
That dress, it's magic.
[Krissy] It's the veil.
The veil makes it real.
It's a...
- It's immediate...
- Yes.
- [Alex] Wow!
- [Krissy] Oh, my God, Alex.
This is absolutely stunning.
You're a picture perfect bride.
[Alex] Thank you.
[all] Alex, are you
saying yes to the dress?
- Hell, yes.
- [all cheering]
[Alex] It's everything
that they said it would be.
And as soon as
I saw that dress...
game over.
That was it.
That was my dress.
I'm a little shocked at what I
picked out, but it's, it's perfect.
- It's perfect. It's perfect.
- It's perfect.
[Randy] Alex ended up with
something totally different
than what she came in for,
which actually happens a lot.
Our next bride, Amanda,
had her heart set on a
specific dress, too, one of mine.
All right, Amanda, and I have...
- [exclaims]
- the Anastasia dress.
[Amanda] Gorgeous!
Oh, my goodness.
This is the one
that you had seen.
- A big ball gown, lots of lace.
- Yes! Yes!
Oh, my goodness.
It's screaming my name.
I'm here for you.
She'd been dreaming
of my Anastasia gown,
but when she finally got it on,
things took a bit of
a surprising turn.
Does that feel okay?
This feels gorgeous.
- It looks incredible on you.
- It does.
I'm just not a fan of
this part right here.
Not a fan?
[Amanda whispers] I'm
not liking it that much.
[Kelsey] Oh, no!
I'm going to cry
because I love ball gowns
and it's not fitting me.
[exhales] I thought I was going
to cry when I went in this dress.
- [Kelsey] Okay.
- I'm a little disappointed
that it's not making me cry.
- Okay.
- I want to cry and I'm not crying.
I mean, I've stared at
this dress for months.
I feel like I'm being swallowed.
It's not sitting in the
places I thought it would sit.
So, this is the Anastasia dress.
Oh, my God, Amanda.
It has a really long train.
So, how do you feel?
Um...
I, I love it,
but I don't feel like
it's doing me justice
because it's so big.
[Randy]
In a shocking twist,
it looked like Amanda
was going to say yes
to something totally opposite.
Surprise.
That is beautiful.
I love this dress so much.
I was not expecting
to like this fit.
But she wasn't ready to give
up on ball gowns quite yet.
- Oh, my God.
I know.
I love it so much.
[Michelle] Oh, my God.
That is gorgeous.
[Kelsey] So, this is the
other Randy ball gown.
[Jodie] I love that.
I love this so much.
Because it's tight on top
and then it flares like...
Oh, wow, Amanda.
- It's so beautiful.
- I know.
The top of this dress
is everything.
I love how it goes
up the neck right here.
[Michelle] And if it's
going to be low like that,
- it still shows your smallness.
- [Amanda] Yeah.
[Randy] You said
you wanted extra.
This is definitely extra.
I knew as soon as she was
walking out, that was the dress.
[Jodie] Good to see her happy.
[both] Yes.
- Oh, my goodness.
- [laughs]
This is my dress.
Aww.
- It's gorgeous.
- [Amanda] I love it so much.
Oh, my God, Raymond's
going to love me in this dress.
I'm so ready. Ask me the
question already! [laughs]
[both] Amanda, are you
saying yes to the dress?
I'm saying yes to my
Randy Fenoli dress.
- [all] Yay!
- [all cheering]
Oh, yes.
It's so pretty
In one of the sweetest
moments of the season,
Prashanthi's soon to be
brother-in-law, bowled everyone over
with this burst of emotion
that I don't think
anyone saw coming.
- Oh.
- [gasps] She's coming.
She's coming.
- [Michael] Oh.
- Oh, wow!
That's gorgeous.
I love the sparkle.
- I think, I think this is perfect, right?
- It's beautiful.
Look how happy she looks.
I am.
I'm very, very happy.
Steven's going to flip out.
He's going to see
her finally in a dress.
That moment,
you only get one of.
Oh, Mike is crying.
No, 'cause...
Come on.
Steven's going to see no
matter what dress you buy.
When you see him look at
you the way I looked at my wife...
[woman] Oh, Mike,
everyone's so emotional.
- Michael's crying already.
- Aw, Michael,
- you're so sweet.
- You guys all suck.
[all laugh]
Not you, Randy.
Not you.
[Prashanthi]
I feel like royalty.
It is so gorgeous.
I'm feeling all tingly.
And... it's it.
This is it.
The moment.
I know it.
Prashanthi...
[all] ...are you saying
yes to the dress?
I'm saying yes to the dress.
[all cheering]
Congratulations!
- [Mike] You look beautiful.
- [Prashanthi] Thank you.
What would you say your
favorite surprise has been
not even just of this season,
but ever on the show?
Oh, gosh.
There are so many.
Um...
We've definitely had a lot of
surprising moments recently.
But there's one surprise that
was an entire season in the making.
Take a look.
Ronnie Rothstein.
Randy Fenoli,
how's the renovation?
[metal clanking]
[Randy exclaims] Uh-oh.
Let me move this. Yeah.
Ah, you know, it's renovations,
everything takes twice as long.
I really wish I was
there in person
to show the dresses
to all the consultants.
I wish you were, too.
Yeah, let me move out here
so I can hear you actually.
We want you back in New York.
Everybody wants you
here. You're missed.
I was hoping to see
if I could book
a trunk show possibly
with the new collection.
Oh, my God, I love that.
[Randy] After being
stuck at home for a year,
finally, the time is right.
I have to say, I couldn't
wait to get back to New York
and surprise
everyone at Kleinfeld.
Boo-boo, here you go.
Ah. Yeah, look.
Look at this, Chewy,
it's all different.
- Yeah.
- [Dorothy] Chewy.
- [Ronnie] Chewy.
- [Dorothy] What are you doing here, Chewy?
- Chewy.
- Where's Randy?
- If Chewy's here, Randy's here.
- [Randy] Who's that?
- Oh, Randy.
- Oh, Dorothy.
[all laughing]
I feel like I haven't
seen you in ages.
- You haven't.
- I love you.
You haven't changed a bit.
I'm out of COVID jail.
Ronnie, how are you doing?
[Ronnie] You're back.
You're back.
Mindy, look who's here.
Hey, my Mindilicious.
[laughs]
[Mindy] So nice to see you
not on a screen anymore.
Looking at the ceiling
and the floor.
By the way, he came
with new gorgeous dresses.
- Yes.
- He came with Chewy.
It is so amazing to be back,
to be able to hug people,
to be able to do
what I love in person,
to be out of the house.
Do you have your
roller skates on?
- Of course, I'm ready.
- We're booked solid.
- I'm ready, baby.
- Listen to me.
I'm going to get you set up.
Come on, bring your bag,
and I'm going to take
you in the back. Come on.
- Where's Chewy?
- Let's do it.
- Come on, Randolph.
- [Randy] Good seeing you.
Where's chewy?
He's probably out in the
lobby greeting people.
- [Dorothy] Yay, I'm so happy you're here.
- [Randy] Me, too.
It feels so good to be back.
Rack and roll.
But I'm also glad that I was
able to spend time with my mom
and work on my house.
Wait, Randy, we need to
see these house renovations
that kept you away
from us for so long.
Come here.
Let me show you.
I'll show you.
Hang on.
And everybody that walks in,
- they go crazy with that lighting...
- [Daniela] Wow!
[Randy] And you see
my quartzite.
[Daniela] Chewy is
front and center.
[Randy laughing]
[Randy] So, here's my bathroom.
[Daniela] Wow.
- [Randy] The shower.
- [Daniela] Oh, my gosh!
Honestly, I think that your
bathroom is the size of my apartment.
[laughs]
I know.
I've lived in New York.
We've definitely had some fun
and surprising moments this season.
So many.
What would you say your
favorite surprise has been,
not even just of this season,
but ever on the show?
Oh, gosh. There
are so many. Um...
I think my most
favorite surprise
would have been Alicia, our
military bride that I ambushed.
- Hello, beautiful.
- [all cheering]
How are you?
You have truly gone above
and beyond for our country
and for everything you've done.
So, we want to go above
and beyond today for you,
and I want to
personally give you
a VIP experience at Kleinfeld.
Oh, my God, who did this?
- Oh, my God!
- This is your day, baby.
- How much is it?
- Uh, it's $6,100.
You know what?
[softly] Mm-hm.
Don't worry about
the price today.
[crying]
Oh, my God!
I love it.
Oh, my God.
It is more than I ever
dreamed of, I promise you.
[exclaims]
Alicia, are you saying
yes to the dress?
I'm saying yes to this dress.
[all cheering]
So, then I'd have to say
that my other
favorite surprise was,
when I brought my mom up to
New York City for her birthday.
- Now, my mom--
- So sweet.
Yeah. My mom rides
in a motorcycle group,
so I found a
motorcycle group here
and took her on the
back of a motorcycle
up the West Side Highway.
Well, there's my Harley,
Right there is my Harley.
- [Randy] Is that what you ride?
- Yeah.
Happy birthday.
I'm Joe Pascas,
second officer, one of
the New York Chapters.
Happy birthday, and
I'm your escort to lunch.
- Oh, I get to ride on the motorcycle?
- Yes, ma'am.
- Were you expecting this?
- No.
I'm waiting for you.
- Watch your back.
- Pink glasses as well?
- Oh, yes!
- Oh, my God!
Okay, take good care of my mom.
And there she goes.
She's having a blast.
[laughs]
I wanted her to have
a birthday to remember.
[Jeanette] Thank you
for everything.
- I love you.
- I love you, too.
That was real sweet of you.
This is the way the
Fenolis roll. [laughs]
She still talks about that.
- She had-- - The most
unexpected biker babe.
And she had no idea this was
happening. No clue whatsoever.
- This was fun, right?
- I enjoyed myself.
Let's get you ready.
I actually have
a big surprise for you.
- [Randy] What?
- [Daniela] I changed my dress.
[Randy] What?
Wait a minute. What?
You know my rule, once
you say yes to the dress,
you can't put on another one.
Once you find the right guy,
you don't go to the singles bar.
[Daniela] I went
to the singles bar.